Show Govcloud is unsupported (#25970)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/events/correlation/_index.md

algolia:
  tags: ["event correlation", "event grouping", "correlation pattern"]
---
{{% site-region region="gov" %}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">

> Case Management is not available in the {{< region-param key=dd_datacenter code="true" >}} site.

Reviewer: Event Correlation is not available you mean?

Author: updated; thanks for catching!

> Case Management is not available in the {{< region-param key=dd_datacenter code="true" >}} site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event Correlation is not available in the {{< region-param key=dd_datacenter code="true" >}} site.
```
